This directory (new_mit) has some of Upi's mitral cell scripts converted to
GENESIS 2, and my new mitral cell scripts.  All of Upi's original scripts are
in the jneurophys.jun93.tar file in the babel cells/mitrall_granule directory.

Some relevant files:

Notes - my notes on jneurophys.jun93 contents and the development of my
    scripts.

mit.p - the original mit.p file for the 286 compartment mitral cell model with
    Upi's hack for the soma leakage resistance replaced by having a different
    SOMA Vm

smit2.p - A smaller 53 compt mitral cell model - differs from
    chan_kinetics/smit.p in not having the synaptically aactivated channels.
    Also has the fix for the soma RM.

newbulbchan.g - a corrected version of the neurokit/prototypes/newbulbchan.g
    file for the channel prototypes

userprefs.g - lets you run Neurokit in this directory to experiment with
    smit2.p and mit.p.  This is the easiest way to experiment with the models
    when developing things to try for the tutorial.  Start by recording from
    the soma and one of the distal denrites, with 0.5 nA injection to the
    soma.

injtut.g - This is a general-purpose current injection demo for experimenting
    with different kinds of file output, xcell display, etc., by setting some
    flags at the start of the script.  It was designed to be the basis for
    code that is used to initialize the GENESIS server when used with the
    Modeler's Workspace.  It contains no model-specific code, but can be used
    to run any model with a .p file and a channel prototypes file.

protodefs.g - this is included by injtut.g, and contains the model-dependent
    statements.  This version is a copy of protodefs.mit.g or
    protodefs.smit2.g.  It makes the channel prototypes and sets some global
    variables used by injtut.g.  A lot of this would be replaced by files
    created by, or commands sent by the client program in the Workspace.

cellview.g - is included by injtut.g to provide the xcell display.

inj2.g - The GENESIS 2 version of Upi's mit_curr_inj/inj.g script, used for
   creating the simulations plot in FOg. 4.

inj2.gif/inj2.ps.gz - display created by inj2

Fig4A.data - experimental data file (Upi's correct.block) for Fig. 4A current
    injection with blocking of Na and Kfast (K2_mit_usb) and partial blocking
    of K channels.

Fig4D.data - experimental data file (Upi's correct.noblock) for Fig. 4D current
    injection with no channel blocking.

experiment.gif - screen grab of Fig. 4D. without any axes or scales shown.

For details on the output of Vm of all compartments to a file, and the
blocking of Na and K channels to produce Fig. 4 B, see the notes at the end of
"Notes".
